prosperity
last April
the time of the great battles on land and on
sea ​​during the revolution
political conflict
there is a third year
the great general who has become a legend already
soon
and the center
compete with other players
fun collective modes
collective companies one of
the most awaited new geniuses of the game
napoleon total
all three companies are Italian
egyptian european available
for a network game in poker room mode with
two players
military alliances second agreement may be
profitable at certain stages of the game
final victory may stay higher
to one
corr
learn your true friends and
enemies fighting with their children
with other players in all three companies
in the individual death to you
A new unique feature is offered.
open battles
You can invite your friend or
the enemy into place and the computer
rival battle
for the first time you can participate in open
battles of my friends as
Ibrashev swaps
this is an innovation
will allow you to get a unique new experience
both novice players and
veterans of the total series
command the troops in historical
battles
reproduced with stunning
precision
the greatest battles of the Napoleonic era
the number of which includes australian
part-time work and trafalgar
battles
can participate from one 108 pack rf
can you and change the course of history
will you be the greatest general
Napoleonic
percent